[Music]
me and Flavio getting along well I think
she's been very patient at a minute
I think cuz obviously this is the first
practice I think she's kind of holding
back on her stick chicken big idea
Chacho is quite sexy dance and my hips
happens to be doing things at my hips
that lovely to hear so it's quite tough
to try and loosen up I'm having a little
kind of all and targets
obviously the gymnast then down you know
where we are obviously kind of quite
only thinking muscle and what have you
with what we do
take that gymnastics gonna be absolutely
fine there's all of things the funny
thing is day one and I think I might
possibly were broken there's already a
back scratch off my knee both heels oh
I've got an intercostal muscle all just
kind of seeds I feel a bit on the
right-hand side
so yeah I'm taking a bit of a pounding
flatly just kind of laughs and bugs off
but it's been quite a long time since
I've kind of felt that those of chance
of getting to the final I have to be
honest and you know I I obviously there
is nothing to stop us from doing that at
all so it's very excited but I'm trying
to say very very calmly both can take
each week and at times because strictly
strictly
[Music]